doc(client): Clarify changeset wording and formatting (#23279)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/dirty-crabs-try.md

"section": deprecation
---

SummarizerStopReason, ISummarizeEventProps, and ISummarizerEvents are now deprecated

> `SummarizerStopReason`, `ISummarizeEventProps`, and `ISummarizerEvents` have all been deprecated from the `"@fluidframework/container-runtime"` package. Please migrate all uses of these APIs to their respective implementations in the `"@fluidframework/container-runtime-definitions"` package.

Reviewer: They're all types with no runtime effect, so accounting for the distinction we usually do between the "definitions" and "implementations" of things in separate packages, I think this can help avoid potential confusion.
```suggestion
`SummarizerStopReason`, `ISummarizeEventProps`, and `ISummarizerEvents` have all been deprecated from the `"@fluidframework/container-runtime"` package. Please migrate all uses of these APIs to their counterparts in the `"@fluidframework/container-runtime-definitions"` package.
```
